c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\obj\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\obj\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\obj\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArkSteamNotifier\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Ark-Steam-Notifier-Console\ArkSteamNotifier\bin\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Ark-Steam-Notifier-Console\ArkSteamNotifier\obj\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Source\Repos\Ark-Steam-Notifier-Console\ArkSteamNotifier\obj\Debug\ArkSteamNotifier.pdb
